Add to ros2 documentation one or multiple tutorials to create a first simulation with Webots (#1)
cyberbotics/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Simulators/Creating-a-Robot-Simulation-Webots.rst

.. _Simulators:

> Creating a Robot Simulation (Webots)

Reviewer: I would change "Creating" to "Setting-up" or "Running" because we not creating the simulation world file in there.

====================================

> **Goal:** Install and discover the Webots simulator with the webots_ros2 package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Goal:** Setup a robot simulation and control it from ROS 2.
```

**Tutorial level:** Advanced

**Time:** 20 minutes

.. contents:: Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:

Background
----------

Webots is a robot simulator that can be used with ROS 2.
Unlike turtlesim, it provides physics-based models for robots, sensors, actuators and objects.
This provides realistic simulation results that should match the behaviors observed in the real world.
Hence, what you get in simulation is very close to what you will observe when transferring your ROS 2 controllers to a real robot.

webots_ros2 is a package offering an interface between ROS2 and Webots with the help of the sub-package webots_ros2_driver that you will use in this tutorial.

> There is also some other sub-packages containing examples with different robots such as the TurtleBot 3 you may find on the :doc:`../../Tutorials` page under the ``Demos`` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also some other sub-packages containing demos with different robots such as the TurtleBot 3.
Such demos are detailed in the :doc:`../../Tutorials` page under the ``Demos`` section.
```

> This tutorial will introduce you how to create your first simulation by modeling your robot and implementing a Python plugin derived from webots_ros2_driver.

Reviewer: We not any more modeling the robot here.

Prerequisites
-------------

> Precedent tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previous tutorials
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This tutorial assume you followed the tutorials :doc:`../Creating-Your-First-ROS2-Package` and :doc:`../Launch-Files/Using-ROS2-Launch-For-Large-Projects`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial assumes you followed the tutorials :doc:`../Creating-Your-First-ROS2-Package` and :doc:`../Launch-Files/Using-ROS2-Launch-For-Large-Projects`.
```

.. code-block:: bash

        sudo apt-get install ros-{DISTRO}-webots-ros2

Tasks
-----

1 Create the structure of your package
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To be able to customize your simulation with ROS2 you will organize the code with a custom package.
Start by creating a new package named ``my_package``.

.. code-block:: console

        ros2 pkg create --build-type ament_python --node-name my_robot_driver my_package

The option ``--node-name my_robot_driver`` is here to create a file you will modify later.
Now create new ``launch`` and ``worlds`` directories inside your ``my_package`` folder.
You should end with the following folder structure:

.. code-block:: console

          src
          └── my_package
              ├── launch
              ├── my_package
              │   ├── __init__.py
              │   └── my_robot_driver.py
              ├── resource
              │   └── my_package
              ├── test
              │   ├── test_copyright.py
              │   ├── test_flake8.py
              │   └── test_pep257.py
              ├── worlds
              ├── package.xml
              ├── setup.cfg
              └── setup.py

> 2 Create the simulation world in Webots

Reviewer: We don't really create the simulation here.
```suggestion
2 Setup the simulation world in Webots
```

.. literalinclude:: Code/my_robot_driver_sensor.py
    :language: python

This code will be sufficient to make the robot move and avoid obstacles.

.. literalinclude:: Code/my_robot_driver_sensor.py
    :language: python
    :lines: 22-23

Now the node will subscribe to the topics of the two sensors.

.. literalinclude:: Code/my_robot_driver_sensor.py
    :language: python
    :lines: 25-29

This two callback functions will simply register the last measurement recieved for each sensor.

.. literalinclude:: Code/my_robot_driver_sensor.py
    :language: python
    :lines: 31-45

In case there is an obstacle on the right the robot will turn in place.
In case the obstacle is on the left the robot will turn on the right.
Otherwise it will go forward.

12 Test the obstacle avoidance code
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

From a terminal in your ROS2 working directory run:

.. code-block:: bash

            colcon build
            source install/local_setup.bash
            ros2 launch my_package robot_launch.py

First your robot will go forward and then it will turn clockwise in the circle arena.

.. image:: Image/Robot_clock_wise.png

Summary
-------

> In this tutorial, you created a simulation with Webots, modeled your own robot and implemented a Python plugin to use its motors and sensors.

Reviewer: We didn't modeled anything.
